Document dbconsole command for multiple database [ci skip] (#40024)
rails/rails: guides/source/command_line.md

ActiveRecord options:
      [--migration], [--no-migration]        # Indicates when to generate migration
                                             # Default: true
      [--timestamps], [--no-timestamps]      # Indicates when to generate timestamps
                                             # Default: true
      [--parent=PARENT]                      # The parent class for the generated model
      [--indexes], [--no-indexes]            # Add indexes for references and belongs_to columns
                                             # Default: true
      [--primary-key-type=PRIMARY_KEY_TYPE]  # The type for primary key
  --db, [--database=DATABASE]                # The database for your model's migration. By default, the current environment's primary database is used.
  -t, [--test-framework=NAME]                # Test framework to be invoked

>                                              # Default: test_unit

Reviewer: I would actually be inclined to omit all these options here, [the way we do for `generate controller`](https://github.com/rails/rails/blame/23a9e29d9b1882e4d28530fca98b8c57b3de0410/guides/source/command_line.md#L182-L188).

Author: I'll remove it but I feel documenting all the options actual helps when someone is looking to skip a timestamp or use `uuid` as primary-key-type and Rails guide should speak more about these options. Similar should happen with controllers as well. Just a thought 😬

INFO: You can also use the alias "db" to invoke the dbconsole: `bin/rails db`.

> If you are using multiple database with Active Record, you can connect to command-line client by specifying the database name using `--database` or `--db`. Rails by defaults connects to the primary database.

Reviewer: Since the preceding paragraph talks about how smart `bin/rails dbconsole` is, I thought it might make sense to mention the default behavior first instead:

```suggestion
If you are using multiple databases, `bin/rails dbconsole` will connect to the primary database by default.  You can specify which database to connect to using `--database` or `--db`:
```

What do you think?

Author: This sounds way better than what I had written. I'll make the change. 😊

Author: Done.
